Israel has also launched an air strike
on the West Bank targeting a mosque in
the Janine refugee camp Israel described
the site as a terrorist compound and
said it was being used to prepare
attacks the Palestinian health authority
says 90 people have been killed in the
West Bank in the past two
weeks Palestinians survey the aftermath
of an Israeli a
strike the hit damaging this Moss
compound in Janine refugee
camp is says militants were working from
underneath the mosque to plan further
attacks neighbors say many locals were
asleep at the
time there were young people around but
thankfully the neighborhood outside was
empty we heard a sound like a low
whistle and suddenly there was a strike
on the roof of the
mosque we're still taking out pieces of
body
parts air strikes on the occupied West
Bank are rare compared to Gaza but
Israel's war with Hamas has led to
increased violence here
too the Palestinian health authority
says dozens of people have been killed
over the past two
weeks among them this
19-year-old killed in a raid by Israeli
forces Hamas militants don't rule the
occupied West Bank but they have support
among many
residents
as tensions and violence worsen some
fear this could become a new
Battleground in Israel's
[Music]
war